There have also been some additions to the number object and those additions also are available with
iOS 5.
But now they are registered on the global number object all show which new methods I mean or which new
methods were added to the number object.
I'll start with a variable number and I'll actually set it to NOT A NUMBER.
Now we already have d is an A and method which you can use on this.
And if I now had run I get true.
So this is an existing method a global function which I can use to check if a number is.
Well not a number.
Now it was also added to the number object so I can now use it on the number object like this.
So why was it added there if you already had it in a shorter way.
What you just read to group it all together.
Also depending on your ID you would get auto completion of course if you type number Daut some thing
and this might help you finding the right method you're looking for.
So it's really more of a trooping thing or improvement than an actual new feature of course.
Interesting question if I make this a string What do you think we'll now get.
We get false because while now it's a string which technically isn't a number but it's not there's not
a number type we got here.
Now as now the number we all got new is Finot.
And we already had this before too without the number at the beginning so as a global function.
Now if we're dead all trades are really big number here.
So what do you think I'll get if I had run of course I.
True it might be a big number but it's definitely finished.
It's not infinity that of course changes.
If I actually make this infinity so infinity like this if an hour had run I got four.
Because infinity is infinite.
So that certainly won't work.
And as a side note the only half is finished.
So if you want to check if it's actually infinite.
Well then you would have to add an exclamation mark to Gruber's that liked it.
If I remove does it through a Shoemark we also get the new is into Tahrir mfat.
What do you think and how I get if I had run I get four.
So infinity is not an integer but change just 10.
What do you not get think Alegate.
Now I get.
True it was called because of course 10 isn't any truer and if I make this ten point one.
What do you think we're now seeing the console.
Well we see faults because that of course is a float and no end to truth.
And since we don't have types in shambles script and floats and interests like just 10 before our end
really differentiated into shorter is a good way to conveniently find out if a bad actually is afloat
or is an integer.
So we can also count that a bit in the direction of metaprogramming since it allows you to evaluate
what your code is like at certain ball States during your program execution.
So is it true is certainly an interesting addition to is shallow strip specification as it gives us
just a convenient way.
And prior to this situation you have to use upper loops or other functions self-build functions to find
out if the number actually is an integer or float.
So that definitely is a good at this.